USF-3949: SCP-4.8.18 and SCP-B2B-1.0.19 related mutations and queries updated (#553)
AdobeDocs/commerce-webapi: src/pages/graphql/schema/b2b/requisition-list/queries/shared-requisition-list.md

---
title: sharedRequisitionList query
edition: saas
keywords:
  - B2B
---

import CommerceOnly from '/src/_includes/commerce-only.md'

<CommerceOnly />

# sharedRequisitionList query

<InlineAlert variant="info" slots="text1" />

> This mutation is part of the B2B Storefront Compatibility Package and is only available on [Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/cloud-service/overview).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This query is part of the B2B Storefront Compatibility Package and is only available on [Adobe Commerce as a Cloud Service](https://experienceleague.adobe.com/en/docs/commerce/cloud-service/overview).
```

> The `sharedRequisitionList` query allows B2B customers to retrieve a shared Requisition List using a token, including sender details and associated items in a read-only format. The mutation requires `token` as input parameter. This query returns a `sender_name` and `requisition_list` object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `sharedRequisitionList` query uses a token to retrieve a shared requisition list. The response can contain the `sender_name` and `requisition_list` object.
```
